⚡ Project created by Alfred Siby Cyriac and Dilver Singh ⚡

🤔 Our why for creating QueensLingo:  

Queens, New York otherwise known as the world’s borough is home to one of the most diverse communities globally. With a population of over 2.2 million people and over 800 different spoken languages, cultures mesh every day to create a united and powerful community. A dilemma that citizens of Queens often face is an obscure language barrier, and trouble communicating with others. Although tackling this situation as a whole may be a bit unrealistic, there is most defientely ways to chip at it. Paying homage to neighbors' native languages and cultures is a great way to show respect and camaraderie. Thus, learning vital phrases from the most commonly spoken languages can be the building block for a conversation that helps you create a new friend in Queens, New York or show respect to a loved one. Even us as the creators, we speak two distinct languages -- Malayalam and Punjabi -- and we see the beauty there is when you learn bits and pieces of each others language to show respect and strengthen a lifelong brotherhood. We hope that QueensLingo can help make the learning experience of languages a bit easier, more organized, and entertaining. 

🤔 How does QueensLingo help solve this problem? 

QueensLingo hopes to bring a fun solution to this situation by the means of a C++ language education program to learn a large variety of conversational and vital phrases in the borough's 5 most spoken languages. The languages currently offered by QueensLingo include Spanish, French, Chinese, Hindi and Arabic. The program offers two unique learning options that the user can choose from. Learning Option 1 allows the user to select one of the 5 languages offered and learn that language in a slow progression of the 25 most vital conversational phrases starting simple and progressively getting more complex. The program ensures that the user is confident in the translation of each phrase before moving on to the next one and gives the user to exit the learning option at any time. Learning option 2 is a bit more of a free-for-all where the user is allowed to constantly pick a language and a phrase from our offered library and learn in whatever order they desire. With these two learning options, 5 languages offered, and a library of 25 vital phrases, we hope our users are able to learn something new to impress friends and neighbors!
